I'm very happy for you. Rue.
You're about to start
a brand-new chapter.
You think 'cause I went
to rehab I stayed clean?
Some new girl I think you're
gonna be friends with.
- I'm Rue.
- Jules.
Hi.
You're fucking crazy.
I'm just trying to get
back at my ex-boyfriend.
You can stay in a town like this.
end up like me.
living your life out in motel rooms.
Why don't you take your top off?
I know what you want.
This bitch is gonna get fucked up!
You wanna fucking hurt me?
Where you headed to?
Home.
And then... things got weird.
Sometimes. when I get really high.
I kind of think I'm psychic.
When Nate Jacobs was 11 years old.
he found his dad's porn collection.
His dad. Cal. was obsessive.
His mom always said that's
who he got it from.
Then he quickly realized
that the colored cases
and placement were no accident.
It was an elaborate code.
one to ensure that no one
fucked with his shit.
I have a very pretty dick.
Do you want to see it?
What do you like to be called? Mister?
Master?
Daddy?
For you? You can call me "Daddy."
Open wider.
Wider.
More like that.
- Yeah!
- Good?
Yes. Daddy. I'll be good.
Every video was basically the same.
Oh. you are all woman. aren't you?
- Mostly.
They'd drink. make small talk...
Oh. don't make me come.
I... I want to wait for that.
...and then his dad would
fuck the shit out of some...
Fucking whore. Fucking slut.
I want to talk to you.
You're a strong man. Nathaniel.
I knew it from the moment you were born.
You have an... iron will.
drive. determination.
I've always admired that in you.
Because some day. it will
lead you to greatness.
But no one in this world
will ever root for you.
They'll see what I see and
they'll despise you for it.
Sometimes you'll know.
and sometimes you won't.
But the farther you go.
the sharper their blade.
Just don't ever give them an opening.
By 12. he had adopted a rigid
diet and workout schedule.
Within a year. his body fat
dropped from 23% to 6%.
♪ Oh! ♪
♪ Player. player. put the money on it ♪
- ♪ Oh! ♪
- ♪ Mm! ♪
♪ Oh! ♪
Ready? All right!
He joined the football
team as a freshman
and quickly excelled.
Red. 32. hut!
By the year's end.
he was not only the
starting quarterback.
but the team captain.
Keep it together. Nate. Stay focused.
All right. let's fucking go!
He loved the crowds.
the pats on the back. the
cheers. the feeling of winning.
But he hated being in the locker room.
He hated how casual his teammates
were about being naked...
Woo!
...how they'd talk to him
with their dicks hanging out.
He made a concerted effort
to always maintain eye contact
during these exchanges.
Every now and then. he'd forget.
and accidentally catch a
glimpse of someone's penis.
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Oh! ♪
♪ Mm! ♪
♪ Player. player. put the money on it ♪
- ♪ Oh! ♪
- ♪ Oh ♪
♪ Oh! ♪
His older brother Aaron was a fuck-up.
He could tell his dad didn't like Aaron.
didn't think he had guts or brains
or half a fucking clue.
And Nate agreed.
He didn't talk to his dad that much.
but they didn't need to.
They had a good relationship.
He didn't like his mother either.
She was weak. and a pushover.
Plus. she didn't take care of herself.
He made a long mental checklist
of the things he liked and
disliked about women.
He liked tennis skirts
and jean cut-offs.
but not the kind so short
you could see the pockets.
He liked ballet flats and heels.
He hated sneakers and dress shoes.
What was fine with sandals.
as long as they were worn
with a fresh pedicure.
He liked thigh gaps. hated cankles.
He liked tan lines. long
necks. slender shoulders.
He liked good posture and
fruit-scented body mist.
He liked full lips. and small noses.
He liked chokers. but the lacy ones
with flower cutouts
or delicate patterns.
He hated girls who sat like boys.
talked like boys. acted like boys.
But there was nothing on
planet Earth he hated more
than body hair.
That's one of the first things
he noticed about Maddy.
She was basically hairless.
He'd walk her home
from school every day.
It made him feel good to know
that he was there to protect her.
He knew the world was full of
men who wanted to hurt Maddy.
Men who would hang out the
windows of their cars
and scream obscenities at her.
College guys who wouldn't think
twice about drugging her.
Lonely guys who'd spot her at a mall.
Men who'd rape her. torture her.
sell her into sexual slavery.
He didn't even like to think about it.
He did. however.
like to think about the things
he'd do to protect her.
If anyone ever tried to
hurt you. I'd kill them.
You're. like. the sweetest guy ever.
He also liked that Maddy was a virgin.
that no guy had ever
put his penis in her.
You're a virgin?
Yeah.
- Like. fully?
- Yeah.
What about like...
- Have you ever been fingered?
- Only my own.
He sometimes imagined marrying
Maddy and starting a family.
He knew he didn't want boys. though.
But he also didn't like
the idea of having girls.
Plus. Maddy could be a real bitch.
Like that night at McKay's party.
something just flipped.
And he knew he had anger issues.
but. I mean. so did every guy.
It's not like there was
anything in his life
he could trace it back to.
It was just... who he was.
and who he'd always be.
What are you doing?
Nothing. I just came to...
came to say goodnight.
Good night.
Sync and corrections by btsix
www.addic7ed.com
♪ What I'm doing. gettin' money ♪
♪ What we doin'. getting money ♪
♪ What they doin'. hatin' on
us. but they never cross ♪
♪ Cash money still a company.
and bitch. I'm the boss ♪
♪ And I be stuntin' like my daddy ♪
♪ Stuntin' like my daddy.
Stuntin' like my daddy ♪
It was the first day of school.
and my heart was racing.
I had made a new best friend.
and for the first time since
getting out of rehab.
I was feeling good about the world.
_
I've got an idea.
What?
Wanna get high?
What is it?
No idea.
Didn't you just get out of rehab?
Yeah.
Should I be concerned?
Maybe.
I feel like this isn't a good idea.
I kinda disagree.
Rue.
♪ Yeah. Mount Everest
ain't got shit on me ♪
Do you feel anything?
Uh-uh.
♪ 'Cause I'm on top of the world ♪
Do you feel anything?
No.
Rue. what's wrong?
Just so happy.
♪ 'Cause I'm on top of the world ♪
Whoa.
I know you're not allowed to say it...
...but drugs are kind of cool.
Whoa.
I mean. they're cool before
they wreck your skin...
...and your life...
Can you grab me a towel?
...and your family.
Gia. I need you to grab me a towel.
- What have you got?
- I found her down.
I gave her one dose of Narcan...
That's when they get uncool.
♪ Oh! ♪
It's actually a very
narrow window of cool.
♪ Doing it all for love ♪
I'll wait with you until
your mother comes home.
You want to watch some TV?
And once you pass through
that window of cool...
♪ Doing it all for love ♪
This is embarrassing.
I feel like everyone knows.
Rue. I don't want to turn
this into a competition.
but. like. I win.
- For. like. a multitude of reasons.
- I just...
I don't want to deal with
all the fucking questions.
I still win.
Wait. you're alive?
Like. what the fuck?
Oh. shit. that's the girl who tried
to commit suicide at McKay's.
Wait. what?
Oh. yeah. I forgot. You
guys both was fuckin'.
Ugh! Why does everybody think we fucked?
♪ Yeah. I know the pussy ♪
Now Maddy knew she had an optics issue.
along with a mountain of
evidence against her.
So. last night. while
texting with Nate...
_
...Maddy had an idea.
Alcohol is not good for me.
So you did fuck him.
- Honestly. I think I blacked out.
- For real?
Maddy!
Hey. you.
Oh. look! It's our new sexpert!
- Congratulations. bitch!
- Welcome to the club!
Now. when Kat told BB
she lost her virginity
to some dude whose name
she didn't remember.
she knew she'd tell Maddy. and Cassie.
and the rest of the
fucking planet Earth.
But that was kind of the point.
She was just relived that
it was no longer a thing.
Mm.
Hey. I'm Ethan.
Please don't be a mass shooter.
What?
Sorry. it's just. like. the
first thing that came to mind.
Oh. my God.
Am I giving off shooter vibes?
- Eh.
- Really?
- Eh. you know.
- Shit.
Look. I don't know. What's
your Reddit username?
Um. it's IncelUprising.
I'm joking. A joke.
I'm Kat.
Uh. I'm Ethan.
Yeah. you said that.
Okay. listen up. everybody.
Welcome to Biology 301.
So. let's start with a
little improvisation.
I'd like each of you to get up
and tell us a five-minute
story about your summer.
Looks like we have our
first volunteer: Rue.
Please don't do this to me.
Come on. everyone. Let's give
her a little encouragement.
Um. a memory?
Anything that had an
impact on you this summer.
Uh. I don't... I don't...
I can't think of...
Just... relax your body.
Release the tension.
And just breathe.
We recommend taking her directly
to the rehabilitation center.
So this... this summer?
Yes.
♪ Mm-mm-mm-mm ♪
Let's go.
I'm... I'm having trouble.
uh. like. remembering...
uh. something. you know.
Just tell us a specific memory.
Uh. okay. Uh...
I was. um. with my mom. and
my. uh. my little sister.
and we were. uh. listening to this...
this song.
♪ Fly ♪
♪ Fly me to the moon ♪
I know you know this song.
♪ And let me play among the stars ♪
♪ Let me see ♪
♪ Oh. I wanna see what spring is like ♪
♪ On Jupiter ♪
♪ On Jupiter and Mars ♪
♪ In other words ♪
♪ Hold my hand ♪
♪ In other words. darling ♪
♪ I love ya ♪
♪ Girl ♪
♪ Fill ♪
♪ Fill my heart with song ♪
♪ I wanna sing to ya. darling ♪
♪ Forevermore ♪
Are you doing drugs in my house?
What are you doing?
Keep it!
I'm not joking!
I need to... I need to go!
- Dad's so fucking proud. Mom.
- Oh. really?
Dad's so fucking proud.
Get off of me!
- I don't give...
- Get off of me!
Back the fuck up.
Back the fuck up and let me
out of this fucking house.
♪ I'm simply trying to tell you ♪
♪ That I care for ya. darling ♪
Here we go now.
♪ Ha! ♪
♪ Fly ♪
♪ Fly. fly. fly. fly. fly.
Fly me to the moon ♪
♪ And let me play among... ♪
I'm sorry. but I... I can't
think of anything. so...
Just...
Um... uh...
I'm. uh... I'm done.
- Do I have to do this?
- She's a mess. dude.
Honestly. I bet it's brain damage.
You're being fucking rude.
Fuck.
Rue. it's me.
Are you okay?
You are so fucking stupid. Lexi.
Why?
'Cause I already flushed everything
down the fucking toilet.
Well. I just came to check on you.
I don't w... I don't want
you to fucking check on me.
whether I'm fine or I'm not fine.
What difference are you going to make?
Are you going to give
me some life advice?
You gonna fucking help me?
Well. you're. like. one
of my best friends.
Give me a fucking break.
'Cause we went to fucking
pre-school together?
That does not make us
best fucking friends.
You say all this. but what
happens in three days
when you knock on my door asking
me to piss in some Tylenol bottle?
What. you're gonna say the opposite?
How we've known each other since
pre-school and we're best friends?
It's like you have a split
personality disorder.
Sorry if I miss the old you.
I slept like shit. too.
Yeah. I miss you.
My name is Ali. and I'm an addict.
Hi. Ali.
Actually. an addict is
a nice word for it.
I was a stone-cold crackhead.
I was also a firefighter.
so I thought. you know...
the two might cancel each other
out. As long as I saved lives.
I was well within my
right to destroy my own.
The problem was. I was...
I was also a father. to two young girls.
My girls live in Texas.
I speak to them whenever I can.
Drugs can take away a lot.
The first time I tried
Oxycontin. I was 13.
What do these feel like?
They're the absolute worst.
I used to take care of
my dad after school
because my mom had to take a second job
to cover the medical bills.
A state-issued nurse would come
by every day for two hours.
and she'd. legit. just play
Candy Crush on her phone.
But. anyway. the point is.
he had. like. a bunch of pills.
He was too out of it to know I was high.
And I always have the
best time with you.
Me. too.
Do you mind?!
Hey. Uh. I'm gonna need
you to do me a big favor.
You see. there are a
bunch of these meetings
that I was supposed to
attend that I didn't...
actually attend. so...
I'm gonna need you to
backdate this slip.
Uh. yeah.
Ethically. that's a
line I will not cross.
Hmm.
What if I. uh...
suck your dick?
Like. in my car?
I'm 17. you fucking
creep. Sign the slip.
Pleasure doing business with you.
Shit. shit. shit. shit. shit.
Rue.
Love you.
Love you. too.
_
Um. I'm gonna be right back.
Fuck. yeah.
Fucking slut.
Oh. fuck!
Fuck! Fuck. fuck. fuck.
fuck. fuck. fuck...
_
- _
- Oh.
She never admitted it.
and no one could ever prove it.
but we all knew it was her.
Or. I don't know. I guess for Kat.
it probably felt like we all knew.
That's the weird thing
about the Internet.
Ten people can feel
like the whole world.
Psst.
Meet me in the cafeteria
in five minutes.
We need to talk.
Why?
Listen. Kat. I didn't do anything.
I told Roy not to post it.
It doesn't matter. okay?
He's still sending it to
people and saying it's me.
Look. I don't want my life to be ruined.
and I'm sure you don't want to
end up on a sex offender list.
Kat. you know I'm not a sex offender.
It's child pornography. you dumb fuck.
But we're all under 18. Children
can't make child pornography.
- Troy. google it.
- I'm not googling child pornography.
You know what? Fuck it. Fuck
it. I'm going to the police.
All right! Okay.
Okay. okay. I get it. What do you need?
First. for you to delete
the video off your phone
and whoever's phone you sent it to.
That is done.
And for you to tell Wes to tell
everybody that it's not me.
- Okay?
- Okay. Done.
Anything else?
Actually. yeah.
So even though Roy and Troy
tried to put an end to it.
Kat? Nah. It was some other bitch.
Oh. dude. What the fuck? I
thought you said it was Kat.
I did. but. I mixed that bitch up.
By the end of the week...
_
Katherine Hernandez.
please report to the principal's office.
Katherine Hernandez to
the principal's office.
I heard a very disturbing rumor.
- About what?
- There is a recording of you
engaged in... sexual activity.
Or something to that effect.
that is being shared
amongst the students.
Is this about that video of that
girl getting banged from behind?
Because no. it's not me. but...
just out of sheer curiosity.
what could have possibly led
you to believe that is was?
I just want to be clear...
that I haven't personally
seen the video...
It is because the girl in the
video is fat. Principal Hayes?
I'm not jumping to
conclusions. Katherine...
Well. I'd just appreciate it
if everyone would stop talking
to me like it was. because.
frankly. it's... offensive.
You know. it's one thing for my
classmates to body shame me.
but for you. Principal Hayes that's
just... a whole nother thing.
It's degrading. It's... discriminatory.
And it just goes to show
how insidious. and...
systemic body terrorism
truly is in this country.
From my own principal.
Well. I'm... I'm...
I... I can't apologize enough.
And I give you my word.
I will do everything in my power
to put an end to this rumor.
Thank you. Principal Hayes.
And so on the same way
that mass shootings.
sex scandals. and stolen elections do.
the whole thing blew over pretty quickly
and we all moved on to the next thing.
- You guys pumped?
- Yeah!
- Are we gonna win?
Then let's hear it for the
East Highland Blackhawks!
♪ Hold me now. hold me
now. hold me right now ♪
Yeah. Nate!
♪ You give it to me. you give it to me ♪
♪ You give it. give it give it.
give it. give it. give it now! ♪
♪ Hold me now. hold me now ♪
♪ Hold me now. hold me
now. hold me right now ♪
♪ You give it to me. you give it to me ♪
♪ You give it. give it give it.
give it. give it. give it now! ♪
Hey! Oh.
Hey. let's go!
♪ You tell me now. you
tell me. tell me... ♪
I. 100 percent. do not
feel safe right now.
No. So stay the fuck out of my grill.
Yo. Maddy.
What?
- Let me take you out tonight.
- Why?
- I hate you.
- I know.
Seriously?
Seriously.
I'm over it.
Rue!
Breathing is clearly
not a priority to you.
- Ding. ding. ding!
- I see. Oh...
Fuck.
Uh. you wanna come over
for dinner tonight?
Uh. I wish.
But my dad wants to have like a
capital F. capital D Family Dinner.
Which is weird. because it's
literally just me and him
eating dinner together.
like. every single night.
Well. um. what about later?
I'm probably gonna do some homework.
Binge-watch some Madoka Magica.
Okay. well. um. maybe you could. like.
come over Sunday night.
'cause my mom's. like.
asking me and stuff.
Are you talking to your momma about me?
No.
Shut up.
- Bye. Rue.
- Bye.
I'm such a loser.
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh ♪
Maddy. I just want to
say that I'm sorry.
♪ Is this all we do? Smoke
in your room at 2 a.m. ♪
Cash or credit?
- Christopher McKay.
- Yep.
Drove down from college for the weekend.
Yep. Mm-hmm.
So. what's in store for
Friday night. huh?
Uh. you know. Just... mm.
Oh.
Cassie's smitten like a kitten with you.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah. she's a pretty cool girl.
Well. I tell ya. it's not
easy to hold her attention.
Uh-uh. Like mother. like daughter.
But she's a good girl.
She's got a good heart.
Yeah. Handle with care.
- I will.
- Mom. stop talking to him.
Excuse me. I've been dismissed.
You have fun. Ooh. you look so pretty.
Hey. Want to watch a movie?
Yeah. come on.
Maddy. Why don't you let
me take you out tonight?
I don't know. Text me.
_
- _
- All right.
No cell phones during dinner.
_
I don't think I have an attention
span for real life anymore.
Shut up. you smart ass.
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
Hey. open the door!
- What do you want?
- Open the fucking door.
- Yo. who is it. man?
- Rue.
- No. bro. tell her to come back later.
- Yo.
Too late. bitch.
Hold on. hold on. You can
be in here right now.
- I see you. cash money.
- Nah. nah.
Yo. I just need some. uh.
some OCs and some socks.
I can't help you right
now. You gotta go.
Yo. for real. Rue. I ain't fuckin'
playing with you. Come on.
- You can't be in here.
- Look. Fez.
I'm fucking drenched. Okay?
And. uh... I'm out of drugs. So...
- don't be a dick.
- Oh. my God.
That's not my fucking problem.
You gotta get up out
of my house right now
before these motherfuckers come through.
- All I need is a couple OCs...
- For real.
And some Xannies. That's all
I need. and I can be gone.
Yo. I'm trying to tell you.
I don't got shit right now. Like...
Come back in a few hours. I
got you. whatever you need.
But right now. you gotta get
the fuck up outta my house.
I know you have something. Fez.
I'm just telling you. I don't
got shit for you. Rue. come on.
I need you out the house right now.
My guy's about to come through
here. I don't want you here
when he gets here. you understand?
- Give me drugs.
- This is dead serious.
Yo. Rue.
I could fucking kill you right now.
Yo. Ash. they're here.
Look. I'm serious. Rue.
Just stay right there. keep
your mouth shut. and be cool.
These dudes ain't fucking around.
Now. I'm not gonna lie.
That's when I started
to get a little scared.
I mean. I'm all good with drugs
until guns start coming out.
Coming out of East Highland.
I've held the state record
for most receiving yards
the last two years in row.
I broke East Highland records
for the most receptions.
the most yards during the game: 112.
most yards per catch. most
yards after the catch.
And I can fucking block.
And this coach is acting like
he don't want to start me.
Like I haven't earned my due
on the field or something.
That's bullshit.
Don't they do that to.
like. all the freshmen?
I'm not all freshman. Look at my stats.
Shit pisses me off. I don't get it.
You want to kill him?
What?
Let's fucking kill him.
Cass. I'm serious.
It's not funny. This motherfucker
really pissed me off.
Come on. McKay.
It just takes time.
I thought about you all week.
I'm dying to fuck you.
Why you gotta make everything so sexual?
What?
I'm trying to have a real-ass
conversation with you.
I'm... I'm sorry.
It's cool. Cassie. It's all right.
So this your little bitch?
Nah. bruh. that's like my little sister.
Well. hello. there. little sis.
Now. when Fez said his
dudes were coming over.
I didn't think his dude
would be this dude.
My name is Mouse.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
But you know. that's what happens
when you hang out with drug dealers.
Yo. Custer. toss me that bag.
All right. check it.
I got a 100 OP-OC 80s.
500 Xanny bars. 500 20s of Addy.
I'm low on Vikes. so if
you wanna cop some Vikes.
you better cop 'em today.
'cause I got. like. 50 left.
I got a quap of that Cali
medicinal. and an ounce of Molly.
Yo...
Custer. what's the math on that?
Uh. 25. 15. and 1.100.
35. 77. and 25...
7.750.
Here.
Sure you don't want no Fentanyl?
Nah. man. I'm cool off that shit.
There's too many ODs. and
I don't want the heat.
How about you. little sis?
You ever try Fentanyl?
- No.
- No. she's good. bruh.
Gonna let big brother talk for you?
- I don't know.
- Don't look at him. Look at me.
You ever try it?
Yo. for real. bruh. I don't want
her fucking with that shit.
You know that feeling
when you come so hard
that you can't feel or hear shit?
- You like that feeling?
- Yeah.
Well. shit. You gonna love this.
I'm... I'm good. actually.
- What. you don't trust me?
- Yo. for real. man. She's good.
Shut the fuck up. bitch.
Ain't nobody talkin' to you.
Tell your big brother I'm not
talking to him right now.
Tell him. "Shut the fuck up."
Come on. Don't be scared.
It's not gonna bite you.
Come on. Try it.
Oh. just try it.
Dear God. I know I've been a cunt
for. like. a lot of my life.
and I was mean to Lexi and my family
and I am so. so. so sorry. but...
just please. God. I'm begging you.
do not let me die tonight.
Welcome home.
Fuck!
- What the fuck. man?
- Hi. Tyler.
What the fuck are you doing here. man?
Get the fuck out of my apartment.
If you're looking for the
kitchen knives. they're here.
Same with the baseball
bat from your room.
Who the fuck are you. man?
I'm the boyfriend of the girl
that you raped on Saturday night.
No. no. Dude. what the fuck?
I wouldn't rape anyone.
I swear to God. I didn't
rape a girl. dude.
Mm.
But I saw it.
- You saw what?
- I saw you rape her in the pool.
Wait... Wait a minute. You're
talking about that crazy chick
that was at the party? That
chick was asking me to.
I was the one that was saying no.
- She was blacked out.
- Dude. she wasn't blacked out. man.
I swear to God. she
asked me to fuck her.
like. right here. right now.
Do you know how old she is?
- She's like. 18.
- Try 17.
Fuck. dude. she didn't say that to me.
And how old are you?
- I'm like. 21.
- You're 22.
I mean. barely.
You turned 22 five months ago.
Tyler. Don't fucking lie to me.
So. not only did you rape a
girl. but you raped a minor.
- I'm gonna hurt you.
- No. no. no. no. no.
Yeah. and you're not gonna press
charges. because if you do.
you're gonna go to jail for
a lot longer than I will...
- Please.
- ...depending on what I do to you.
Please. please. please. I am
begging you. please don't do this.
Dude. don't hurt me.
please. Don't do this.
- Get on your knees.
- What?
Get on your knees.
No. I'm not...
Hey. get on your knees. Come on.
Did you seriously think
you could rape a girl
and nobody would do anything?
Oh!
Oh. my God. Fuck!
I didn't do anything. man!
I'm gonna ask you a question.
- Did you rape her?
- No.
- No! Fuck!
Did you rape her?
- Admit it! Did you rape her?
- Fucking ow!
Admit it! Did you rape her?
Ow! Fuck! No!
Admit it. you fucking faggot!
Did you rape her? Did
you fucking rape her?
I didn't fucking rape her!
It hits quick.
You like the way that feels?
Yeah.
You want a couple of patches. girl?
Uh... okay.
It's gonna cost you 300.
Come on. Pay up. little sis.
I only have two dollars.
I said 300.
Where are my pants?
I'll just... I'll just give it back.
I got a strict no-return policy.
Yo. Mouse. Let me pay for it. man.
I thought you was too good for Fentanyl.
What is it? Everybody's changing
their motherfucking minds on me?
Yeah.
If she can't afford it.
she gonna have to find
another way of paying me.
- Straight up.
- Okay.
Yo. man. just let me pay for it.
I got the money right here.
Here.
Dang. Big brother must love you.
It's gonna cost you 600 now. man.
Damn. You gonna do me like that. bruh?
Yeah. I'm gonna do you
like that. Straight up.
- Get that shit.
- Mm.
There it is.
It's always a pleasure
doing business with you.
Go flush that shit down the toilet.
and go grab the Narcan. just in case.
I'm so happy.
I know.
♪ Did more than mend a broken heart ♪
♪ But now you've made a fire start ♪
♪ And I. I can see ♪
♪ That you feel the same way ♪
♪ I never dreamed there'd be someone
to hold me. until you told me ♪
♪ And now that I've found you ♪
♪ Even the nights are better ♪
♪ Now that we're here together ♪
♪ Since I found you ♪
♪ Oh. whoa. whoa ♪
♪ Even the days are brighter ♪
♪ When someone you love's beside you ♪
♪ Even the nights are
better since I found you ♪
♪ I never dreamed there'd
be someone to hold me ♪
♪ Until you told me and
now that I've found you ♪
♪ Even the nights are better ♪
♪ Now that we're here together... ♪
_
Yo. what's up? It's Fez.
Yeah. look. I'm gonna need
a little help with Rue.
Yeah. ASAP.
All right.
♪ Mount Everest ain't got shit on me ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm on top of the world ♪
♪ I'm on top of the world ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Borg Dubai ain't got shit on me ♪
♪ You can touch the sky. but
you ain't got shit on me ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm on top of the world ♪
♪ I'm on top of the world ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Woop. woop ♪
♪ Woop. whoop ♪
♪ Woop ♪
♪ Ah! ♪
♪ Sweet ♪
♪ Woop ♪
♪ Woop. woop ♪
♪ Ah! ♪
♪ Sweet ♪
♪ Tell 'em ♪
♪ I burn down my house
and build it up again ♪
♪ Tell 'em ♪
♪ I burn it down twice
just for the fun of it ♪
♪ Tell 'em ♪
♪ So much money I don't
know what to do with it ♪
♪ Tell 'em ♪
♪ I don't pick up my phone.
ain't no one worth the time ♪
_
♪ Don't need nobody. uh ♪
♪ Don't need nobody. don't need nobody ♪
- Holy shit.
- ♪ Don't need nobody ♪
♪ Don't need nobody ♪
_
♪ Aah-ha ♪
- That guy you fucked in the pool?
- What?
Are you sure you don't remember?
Mm-mm.
I don't believe you.
- Was it good?
- What?
The sex.
What do you want to know. Nate?
You want to know if his dick was bigger?
Was it?
What if it was?
I'd fucking kill him.
Yeah. but dead or alive. he'd still
have a bigger dick than you.
_
I got you a present.
Thank you.
♪ Aah-ha ♪
♪ Mount Everest ain't got shit on me ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm on top of the world ♪
♪ I'm on top of the world ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
Ew.
♪ I never felt so alone ♪
♪ Felt so alone. no. no ♪
♪ And I never felt so alone ♪
_
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ooh-ooh ♪
_
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
Sync and corrections by
btsix www.addic7ed.com
♪ Still don't know my name ♪
♪ You still don't know my name ♪
♪ And I would die or stay ♪
♪ For you right now ♪
♪ But you still don't know my name ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
The summer before high school.
Kat started writing fan fiction.
She'd become extremely popular...
...online.
I'm not saying I'm in love.
I'm just saying I really like him.
Who? ShyGuy118?
When the whole world goes
dark. nothing else matters
but the person standing in front of you.
Look. all I know is that most
guys are rarely sympathetic.
- KatQueen?
- Hi.
Eww.